How is it possible to live in a world where we are more
connected than ever but somehow more lonely than
ever? I’ll tell you how, because modern life is a catastrophe. Increased
mental illnesses and environmental degradation are just some of the reasons.
Modern life truly sucks. 
Mental illnesses are an increasing problem in the 21st
century as modern life goes to hell. An apocalypse of mental illnesses are
rapidly taking over the world and ruining modern life. People all over the
world are suffering from depression and anxiety and because of this, suicide
rates have skyrocketed. According to the Australian Institute of Health and
Welfare over 3,000 deaths by suicide occur each year just in Australia. Last
year, there were 3,249 deaths by suicide which is an average of about 9 deaths
per day. Modern life is much more harder and stressful. Beyond Blue shows that last year 1.5 million
people living in Australia from the age of 16-85 experienced depression. 1.5
million! That is a crazy amount of depression. The Australian Bureau of
Statistics tells us that anxiety, on the other hand is even higher with 3.4
million people in Australia experiencing it. In addition to anxiety, depression
and suicide rates increasing rapidly, we can also see an increase in
environmental degradation. 
Did you know that about 8 million pieces of plastic make
their way into our ocean each day? Every year 12 million tonnes of plastic are
dumped into our ocean. And right now, there are about 5.25 trillion pieces in
the ocean. Why is this, do you think? It’s because of modern society. We are
destroying our earth faster than ever. Pollution rates are increasingly high.
The animal species extinction rate is currently worse than ever. Over 37,000
species are currently in danger of extinction. While all of this is happening
how can we say that modern life is better than life in the past. Maybe in the
1950s they did have limited technology but isn’t it worse to have a limited
Earth? 
In conclusion, I firmly believe that life has become much
more difficult than it was in the past. One of these reasons is because of
constant increases in mental illnesses such as anxiety and depression. Another
reason is because of environmental threats and scares that our world is quickly
slipping away from us. We must turn things around and make modern life a less
stressful and scary time to live.  
